will will whoo all right don't be
nervous
it'll be fine it'll be fine all right hi
I'm will your new roommate excuse me is
this a joke we don't have a new room
well actually you do it's a mean you're
welcome to come in and hang out but
Alexis said that she would just ship all
my stuff here okay cool I'm expecting a
phone call so after that you're on your
own so what did you say your name was
again
um it's will real Harrison see the thing
is well I know everything that goes on
in this and I haven't heard a word about
you well I really am your new roommate
I'm not lying
that's the phone call I was expecting I
have to do that no it's fine I can wait
that's okay I'll just I'll just go off
on my own then where's the bathroom
Julie give me that I need to watch the
team on finale okay and will your new
roommate I was wondering can you point
me in the direction of your back no okay
I do not argue get out right through
view great thanks kind of girl just
dancing her underwear without being
judged - get out of my broom uh-huh now
where what see now this is quality
television big gasp gosh who are you I'm
leaving everyone okay I'm sorry
oh you're your roommate right will
Harrison yes yes I am thank you no one
believed me yeah yeah there's something
come on in man okay thank you guys so
much for watching don't forget to
comment like and subscribe if you want
to yeah